Adam
Pro
	the one to report the arson 
	his lighter was found at the scene of the crime 
		(would only know if question him about it) 
	no alibi for the night of the murder 
	neighbors say they saw his car driving around the neighborhood the week prior 
		contradicts his story he came back the night of 

Con
	no way of transporting the cabinet 
	arrived in town a few hour prior to the fire 
	it's his dad 




Khanh 
Pro
	current employee at lucy lemon (fixes the animatronics) 
	the one to find the body 
	no alibi for the night of the murder 
	has a truck 
	his daughter was one of the kids killed 

Con 
	old, probably wouldn't be able to drag a body 
	claims to have been at home all night 
	




Mark
Pro 
	last one to supposedly see A alive 
		saw A's truck at the elementary school 
		tailed him home to make sure he didn't do anything 
	seemed to recognize the lighter found at the scene of the crime 
		(it belongs to Uriel) 
	his brother was one of the kids killed 

Con 
	husband claims he was home last night 











I was originally going to leave him in the bedroom, just let the whole place go up in smoke. But then I realized that it would look too suspicious. What if the fire wasn't strong enough? What if he somehow woke up and escaped? So I ran back to the fire and dragged his dead body into my car. It was a little burnt but with all the commotion no one really noticed, especially since I parked so close to the house. 

The firefighters let me go after checking me over. No burns, no sign of shock, just a little bit shaken up. Still good to drive. So I drove back to the AirBnB I'm renting, changed my clothes, grabbed some supplies, and headed over to Sprit- sorry, I still get the name wrong after all these years- to the Lucy Lemon. 

Security was surprisingly lax. Did you know that they still use key-locks for the back door? And they don't have any security guards. You'd think such a big place would, but I guess it was my lucky night. My initial plan was to dump the body in a back alley, figured it would make the news anyways the next day, but as I drove by the Lucy Lemon, something possessed me to stop and try. I was able to get in through the back door and into the main building. There was already an arcade machine shell just sitting on the stage. It was like fate. 

So I put the body in the shell. Just like what he did to my sister and my friends and all those children twenty years ago. And then I left. 

I'm genuinely surprised I wasn't stopped going home that night. It feels like something was helping me. Well, I guess my luck has run out, detective. Can't say this isn't deserved though. Like father, like son. 
























